Added missing documentation concerning parallel and async (#596)
citrusframework/citrus: src/manual/containers-parallel.adoc

[[containers-parallel]]
== Parallel

> Parallel containers execute the embedded test actions concurrent to each other. Every action in this container will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parallel containers execute embedded test actions concurrently to each other. Every action in this container will be
```

}
----

> The normal test action processing would be to execute one action after another. As the first action is a sleep of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, test actions are processed and executed one action after another. Since the first action is a sleep of
```

> five seconds, the whole test processing would stop and wait for 5 seconds. Things are different inside the parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
five seconds, the whole test would stop and wait for 5 seconds. Things are different inside the parallel
```

> container. Here the descending test actions will not wait but execute at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
container. Here, the descending test actions will not wait, but execute at the same time.
```

> If you are using this container to send or receive messages, you have to use the unique correlation id of the

Reviewer: Both async and parallel containers mention message correlation. Maybe this could be restructured in the future?

Author: Yeah, absolutely!
A review of the documentation is on the roadmap for 2019. That's why I did not put so much effort into this addition, because it is planned to change in anyways.

message to link the actions concerning this message. Otherwise the testcase might associate a send or receive action

> with the wrong message. Please note that it is **not** required to pass this id through your system under test. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the wrong message. Please note that it is **not** required to pass this id to your system under test. The
```
